Hey Brian. Hey. How's it going? Great. Thanks for meeting early. Yeah, absolutely. Always
good to meet and we've got such good stuff to talk about this time. So let's just kick
it off. Hello and welcome to Python Bytes where we deliver Python news and headlines
directly to your earbuds. This is episode 372 recorded February 20th, 2024 and I'm Michael
Kennedy and I'm Brian Okken. This episode is brought to you by Scout APM. Super psyched
to have them supporting the show. So we'll tell you more about them later, but please
check them out. The link is in the podcast player show notes or on the website. And if
you are one of the lucky ones, Brian, who is attending this live, they got here by going
to Python Bytes.fm/live, crushing the bell saying, get notified. They got notified when
this comes on when it's scheduled. And here they are. For those of you who are just listening,
we super appreciate that anyway. So how are we listening? Thank you. Thank you. Connect
with us over on mastodon. We're on mastodon@brianakin.com and at mkennedy@pythonbites.com. Brian, before
we jump into the news and before I forget, I just want to make a quick announcement.
I will be at PyCon Philippines starting, I leave tomorrow at, I fly from Portland to
San Francisco at 8 PM and then I leave San Francisco at midnight. So who knows what I'm,
what state I'm going to be in, but I'm pretty sure with the time zone change and the travels
and all this, there's not going to be a Python Bytes next week. So we're going to be probably
skipping next week, which is a good chance for people to catch up if they caught, they
fell behind.
Yeah. And also I'm jealous and I hope you have a great time.
Thank you very much. I'm going to have a great time. I'm worked as was writing the keynote
speech yesterday and it's going to be good. It's coming together nicely. So it's always
nerve wracking. I don't know how, what is your, what is your way of working on talks
and stuff? Like I, I want to be prepared and I'm the kind of person that would get prepared
a month or two months early, but then if I write the stuff and then put it away and then
come back to it, I've kind of lost the inspiration and the nuances and the details. So I don't
want to write it too soon, but I also don't want to wait till the last minute. So there's
this weird, weird trade off I feel.
I mostly, I try, I usually try to cover too much stuff in talks. So I try to pare it down
and then yeah, I practice the heck out of it. The ones where some, some talks I like
I'm fiddling with the slides too much until like five minutes beforehand and that goes
terribly. So I, I, yeah, I like to do it early in practice.
All right. Well over to you. I know you have a big announcement.
Yeah.
Yeah, you are. Okay.
Am I, am I first? Yeah. So I'm pretty excited. The folks at Astral including Charlie Marsh
and others have released UV, a Python packaging, it's Python packaging and rust. And it's it's
not another packaging tool. It is the Python and so like replacing this is actually incredible.
It's a, it's replacing a pip, pip-tools and virtual lamp all in one new rust driven tool.
Their announcement said maybe uv represents a milestone in our pursuit of cargo for Python,
comprehensive Python project and package manager that's fast, reliable and easy to use. They're
also kind of, it's interesting kind of combined in this announcement is that they're taking
Astral is taking stewardship of Armin Roenicker's Rai tool. That's an experimental tool. So
I'm not sure what that has to do with this, but I don't know. It's interesting. But have
you given this a try yet?
Oh yes. I am so psyched about this. Charlie and team, congratulations. Cause this, this
is setting the world on fire in a lot of interesting ways. So I, you know, Charlie aimed this right
at like my style of programming and working with Python dependencies and projects. So
on one hand we have just the pip, pip free side, right? And then on the other, you've
got the poetry and other pip where you've got like some other API that kind of manages
everything. And I want some of the benefits of that, but I want it to be just a simple
requirements that TXT or something like that in the end. Right. Yeah. And so I use pip
tools and pip-tools will go and say, okay, what do you say you actually need? And then
let's build out a, what would be into the virtual environment after that. And it's great,
but you know, the command pip compile, like for mine, I don't know how long it takes,
probably 15 seconds to pip compile, update the list of things for Talk Python Training.
I think there's 250 dependencies in the dev version. It's out of control. It just takes
real, real long time with this instant. And it's just so good. They have some benchmarks
up there and it's like pip sync versus uv. pip sync is like 60 milliseconds versus almost
five seconds. Right. Those are different types. It's, it just happens versus you, I go, okay,
hold on. It's working. You know what I mean? Yeah. And what's really pretty interesting
is that it looks like it's gotten a lot of, it's, it's not necessarily that it's just
because it's written in rough, rough rust reading rough as I'm saying that, not just
that it's written in rust, which it happens to be, cause that's the, the vibe of astral.
All right. Starting with the rough stuff, but that they've maybe unlocked some different
algorithms or techniques or, or something like that, where even if it were in Python,
that would be faster, which is pretty interesting. Yeah. There's, there's some caching that they've
done and like site-wide caching and keeping also keeping pip actually makes sense to have
some of this stuff, virtual env and pip outside of the Python tool chain system so that because
you're going to want it in each virtual environment. So having it installed outside is kind of
interesting. So yeah, I'm pretty it's super fast. The, the hope is to be API compatible
or at least interface compatible. It's in the, they're, they just don't have all of
the features yet. So but like, I don't mean to say that it's not worth trying already.
It is production ready right now. And that's what they're they've tested the heck out of
it. It's just that you have to like work with your workflow to make sure that you work with
it. So I was amusingly trying it out yesterday and ran into like three things right away
that are two things that didn't work. So I did tried to use the --prompt to have
a virtual I am just create my virtual environment with the same name. And prompt isn't supported
yet, but it is, I went to file a defect and it was already fixed. It just hasn't been
released yet. So, you know, probably by the time you listen to this, it's probably been
released and it'll work. They're doing a lot of releases, aren't they? Yeah. There's been
seven releases in four days. It's incredible. And a really responsive team. A lot of people
are trying it out though. So yeah, I'm glad they're responsive because there's a bunch
of issues people are working on. It's really fun to watch. The other thing was oh, oh,
so virtual environments work, work really fast. It's like so fast. And the resolver
actually is something we don't really talk about too much. But the resolver, like you
said, when you're pip installing something, if you have like a requirements file, you
got a bunch of projects in it or a bunch of things you're pulling in dependencies, they
might have conflicting dependencies or not really conflicting, but they're the rules
are such that you have to pick the right dependency so that it matches both tools. That's all
done and it's super fast. I'm really impressed with how quick this thing is. And apparently
everybody else is too. Because it's like almost immediately after the announcement. So look
at all these contributors. We got 32 contributors already. These are not just people at Astral.
Like I know that Brett is not there. So talks has already announced that there is a talks
dash uv plugin so that you can have talks act faster too and use uv for virtual and
for pip also. So it makes it faster. I think that's there's and I'm sure there's more tools
to come that support will support uv out of the box.
So yeah, awesome. I'm super excited. But I have a bunch of aliases for my shell that
I almost never type pip, you know, Python dash MV. Like I, unless I'm doing like some
presentation where I'm not sure that people would know what the heck's going on. So I'll
just type V in V and that will do the magic or want to activate environments, AE or even
I want to install the requirements, let's say PR, right. And I rewrote all of those
to move from using pip to using uv. And it's basically like the same workflow for me, just
better.
Yeah. Well, the, one of the things that I do a lot is to just see what's in my virtual
environment is do a pip list. And that's not supported yet either, but freezes and list
is coming. I, you know, but so just use free. I didn't actually, I just, for some reason,
I think there's like a 50, 50 split of people that use generally pip freeze over lists.
What are you a freeze person or a list person?
I'm a list person these days. But, but that's because, yeah, because I don't use pip freeze
to generate like the requirements that TXT I use pip compile.
Right. Right. Right. But pip freeze will just like list out which, what things you have
installed and what versions. Yeah. And that's what I want list for. So I don't know why
I use list, but anyway.
Yeah, that's true.
Pretty fun.
Yeah. Okay. A couple of pieces of real time follow-up. First of all, Ofek Love from Hatch
says the next minor release of Hatch will have an option to use uv under the hood instead
of pip and virtual ENV. Hooray.
I love Hatch. I've been doing like, you know, a lot of stuff with Hatch lately and it's
really, really nice. So Ofek, you're killing it. Keep it up. Very nice. And you, you mentioned
talks Henry Schreiner, who I see some comments from him out there as well, says with the
Knox back in using uv in the Knox back in, it drops the time taken to build the docs
from 22 seconds to four seconds. So, you know, that's, you know, it's not like 22 seconds
is going to change the world at all if they just didn't take 22 seconds to build the docs,
but the faster these things get, the more willing you're just like to do them more iteratively
and you know, get tight in that feedback loop and stuff like that. So like for example,
with rough, you know, and PyCharm now you can just check the box, like run, run rough
onto the, under this project when I hit save, you know, if it took five seconds to do that,
you would never check that. That would not even be a box you could check. Right. Yeah.
Because it's so fast. So hopefully I'm not missing anything else from folks out there,
but this stuff is, this stuff really neat. And I am super excited. I would love if some
of the, the things they learned from this could be brought back into standard pip just
to make standard pip faster too. That would still be cool.
Yeah. And this, I guess that brings up a side question is, is really how, how much energy
there's going to be around supporting the other tools that are getting replaced by things
that Astral's building, but there's a, yeah. Anyway, we'll have that conversation later
maybe.
Yeah. Opec agrees with you that much of the speed up comes from the way they're, they're
doing caching. Very, very nice. So, you know, people check this out. It's been a few days
and it's, things are going fast in this space. So yeah, very, very exciting. Let's go on
to the next topic. All right, Brian, Jupyter notebooks have definitely taken over as a
really interesting way for creating, writing Python code, visualizing Python code, sharing
it, communicating with it. And obviously Will McGugan's work with Rich and then on from
their textual is doing amazing stuff too, right?
Yeah. What if those came together like butter and jelly or whatever it is that you put together
that goes together well. So David
Chocolate, man.
Yes. Okay. Sorry. Reese's pieces. I got it. Okay. David Brochart says, I just published
my first blog post, which is we go over here. JP term, Jupyter in the terminal built on
textual and rich.
There's a bunch of terminal fun stuff that's based on the, this, on textual and other things
that we could cover, but this is what I'm covering today. I'll save the other for next
time. So Jupyter in the terminal and it says, well, you know, basically David says, look,
the terminal is the new browser in the sense that we all have a terminal. And if we write
to this, it's kind of a simple, cool UI that everybody already has. You can just plug stuff
into it largely because of all the work that they've done over textualize with textual
and rich and so on. Right. So he said, look, look at all these widgets we already have.
So like there's a select widget and there's a whole bunch of others, but if we view this,
I'll open a new tab, maybe open image in a new tab. Oh, it's downloading. Hold on. Because
of course it is. Open this up. It's Jupyter lab side by side with JP term and check it
out. It's like, you've got your cells, you've got your in your little bracket and quite
similar. Huh? What do you think about this? That's incredible. That's pretty cool. Yeah.
So it's got, let me go back to the article here. If you go down, it's got graphing, it's
got like charts for it. And he says basically one of the real similar things to compare
it to might be Jupyter light because Jupyter light is a WebAssembly based all front end
Jupyter and this is like client doesn't even need a server, right? Because it just runs.
So he does point out with textual web is a way to put this on the internet and share
it as well. But like here, look, here's a bunch of cool graphs over time in the terminal.
So this is a super early, almost a proof of concept even has images, which is interesting.
I think they're bad. Yeah. Like you want, if you long for like Commodore 64 days, do
you got something sore for you? But you can go, it's, you can see it's quite new.
it's just been, you know, created like four months ago and just announced, I think
pretty recently. So people go check this out. David is, I think a Jupyter core dev
or at least a contributor over there. So yeah. interesting to see where this goes. Yeah.
That's neat. Cool. Do you have the else's cool? Our sponsor. Yes, indeed. Indeed they
are. So let me tell you real quick about Scout APM. They're big supporters of Python bites.
So we appreciate that very much. So if you are tired of spending hours trying to find
the root cause of issues impacting your performance, then you owe it to yourself to check out Scout
APM. They're a leading Python application performance monitoring tool, APM that helps
you identify and solve performance abnormalities faster and easier. Scout APM ties bottlenecks
such as memory leaks, slow database queries, background jobs, and the dreaded N plus one
queries that you can end up if you do lazy loading in your ORM, then you say, Oh no,
why is it so slow? Why are you doing 200 database queries for what should be one? So you can
find out things like that. And it links it back directly to the source code. So you can
spend less time in the debugger and peeling logs and just finding the problems and moving
on and you'll love it because it's built for developers by developers. It makes it easy
to get set up. Seriously. You can do it in less than four minutes. So that's awesome.
And the best part is the pricing is straightforward. You only pay for the data that used with no
hidden overage fees or per seat pricing. And I just learned this, Brian, they also have,
they provide the pro version for free to all open source projects. So if you're an open
source maintainer and you want to have Scout APM for that project, just shoot them a message
or something on their pricing page about that. So you can start your free trial and get instant
insights today. Visit pythonbytes.fm/scout. The link is in your podcast player show notes
as well. And please use that link. Don't just search for them because otherwise they don't
think you came from us and then they'd stop supporting the show. So please use our link
pythonbytes.fm/scout. Check them out. It really supports the show.
Awesome.
Yeah. All right. Over to you.
I've got a little, little topic. Martin Hines wrote a blog post called everything, everything
you can do with the Pythons text wrap module. And I love the text wrap module. And I think
that more people, I think a lot of people just forget about it.
I know Brian, do you have that feeling where like you spent half a day implementing some
algorithm, then you're like, Oh, that was a function I could have just called?
Yeah, exactly. Text wrap is that. Yeah. There's, and you know, every time I come back to it,
I'm like, Oh, I'm still using stuff that I shouldn't. So it's a pretty short article
or go through a few of the features of text wrap. First off it's shortened. So if you've
got, if you want to make a piece of text shorter, you can use shorten and it's cool because
it also does a placeholder thing. So it'll put like, like a dot, dot, dots and, and brackets
or something or whatever placeholder you want to say, there's more texts there. It's just,
I've cut it off. And it looks really nice. Easy to, easy to use. You just call it. So
just a function, but then there's there's wrap which seems obvious, but can do word
wrapping so you can split a long, a long chunk of text into multiple lines. But you can also
do it. One of the things I like here is this is said, well, yes, of course you can use
it for splitting long lines into, into different multiple lines, but also even if you're not
going to print it like that it's very useful if you're going to batch, batch work on texts,
you can split a big chunk of text into small or, you know, even size batches to work on
those. That's a pretty cool use case for that. I like it. There is, there's even you can
specify drop whitespace keyword for that. That's pretty cool. I didn't know about that.
Neat. The, there is a, there's a class also. So all the, a lot of the stuff you can do
with a text wrap you can do within a an object. So there's a text wrapper class that you can
create a text wrapper object and do a whole bunch of work with that multiple times and
only specify it once in the constructor. Very cool. And then at the bottom, last but not
least is my favorite use of text wrap is ddent. So ddent will take, like if you've got a multi-line
string and it's in your code, so it's all like off, you know, it's indented with the
rest of your code, that multi-line will have a whole bunch of extra, like extra whitespace
on the left. And you don't really want that when you're actually using it. And ddent will
take, take out those extra extra left whitespace. And that, I love that. And this seems like
it's a weird thing to have built in. But I use it a whole bunch of times, often in writing
tests because I've got a multi-line string that I want to compare to some output. And
I don't want it at the global level. I want it, you know, in my, in my test function.
So I can just do that and use ddent to get it back to.
Right. Cause it would look weird left aligned inside of an indented function, right?
Yeah. So, I mean, you can, it just looks ugly. So.
Yeah. You just, you lose the flow of where, where it belongs. Yeah.
Yeah. So text wrap, it's there. It's fun. Use it.
You already have it. It's in Python.
Yeah.
Yeah. Very nice. All right. Let's, let's talk about some design principles for the
web here. This is not exactly Python, but it certainly links back to some cool things
in Python. And it says place I ran across called html-first.com. Right. And the idea
is there seems to be some fatigue, like, you know, how JavaScript, it used to be so easy.
You would include a script, or if you were doing something super small, you maybe just
say script tag and you would write a bit of JavaScript right in the page. And then you
carry on. You're like, oh, that was easy. Look, that just worked. And then it said,
oh, well now we're going to put it over on this other place. No, we want to like minify
it. And we also, we're going to shake it down to only include the parts that we use. And
we'll do the same for the CSS. And then you need this build step. And then we're going
to compile it from TypeScript to JavaScript and then shake it down to not include this
type of stuff. And then you're going to include it with import, export it with node. You're
like, what is, why is this so hard? Why are there so many steps to this thing that used
to be so easy? Right. And so this is kind of like, can we just not have that as like
the default way of working already? So HTML, we'll get to HTML. HTML first is a set of
guidelines for making it easier, faster, and more maintainable to build web software by
leveraging the default capabilities of modern browsers. I learned something I didn't know
from here that I used to do with JavaScript that I will never do again if I don't have
to. So awesome. And then the extreme simplicity of HTMLs attribute syntax and, you know, keeping
the view source alive, right. Used to be able to go to the website, like how did they do
that? That's cool. View source. Now it's just like one tiny line of like a bunch of stuff
that triggers JavaScript stuff. You're like, oh, well, all right. Or how did they do that?
Oh, it's a bunch of divs. Yes, exactly. And so the goal is, you know, try to widen the
pool of people who enjoy web development. Also, you can make it less expensive for your
company because it's just less complex. So it's not just, you know, dev yells at the
cloud because people are making it hard, right? Screams it into the sky, but some practices,
right? So there's some examples, prefer vanilla approaches. And so, for example, did you know,
you could say details summary and then stuff below it. And if you click the summary, it'll
expand the thing below it. No JavaScript. No, I didn't either. No JavaScript. How about
that? And then so they have a encouraged versus discouraged. Here's like import react user
state from react. Create a details component, which is an arrow function which returns a
constant of things and toggling the content. And then you on click you like, like, then
you export the data. This is the import export railing against. Right. So that's one. Prefer
just if you can do is basic HTML or even basic JavaScript. Don't go over the top. And where
possible practice to where possible, define default to defining styles and behaviors with
inline attributes with things like tailwind or tacky ons. And you can use libraries like
hyper script and Alpine. And it says you're yes, it does mean your HTML gets a little
bit busier, but you don't have to go to three places to figure out what's happened. Okay.
So for example, it says encouraged button on click this dot class list dot add background
green discouraged. You have a results pane says click me. And then you have a CSS section
that actually what happens when you do that changes the color of green. Then you have
some JavaScript that gets it. And then when it's done, you set the, the, the class, which
then goes back to CSS. And these are usually mushed all over the place. And you're like,
Oh, I'm not sure what's going on. And then you have a class that gets it. And then you
have a class that gets it. And then you have a class that gets it. And then you have a
class that gets it. And then you have a class that gets it. And then you have a class that
gets it. And then you have a class that gets it. And then you have a class that gets it.
And then you have a class that gets it. And then you have a class that gets it. And then
you have a class that gets it. And then you have a class that gets it. And then you have
a class that gets it. And then you have a class that gets it. And then you have a class
that gets it. And then you have a class that gets it. And then you have a class that gets
it. And then you have a class that gets it. And then you have a class that gets it. And
then you have a class that gets it. And then you have a class that gets it. And then you
have a class that gets it. And then you have a class that gets it. And then you have a
class that gets it. And then you have a class that gets it. And then you have a class that
gets it. And then you have a class that gets it. And then you have a class that gets it.
And then you have a class that gets it. And then you have a class that gets it. And then
you have a class that gets it. And then you have a class that gets it. And then you have
a class that gets it. And then you have a class that gets it. And then you have a
And to understand how it's going to get output,
keeping the template simple in mostly HTML
helps with discoverability and learning something new.
So even if it isn't a production thing later, but it might be,
starting out simple really helps with the learning process.
Yeah.
Oh, absolutely.
And you also have to learn fewer things, right?
Yeah.
You have to learn three other frameworks, and build tools,
and so on.
All right, another one is about try to use libraries.
If you've got to use libraries, try
to use ones that leverage HTML attributes over JavaScript
and custom attributes.
Like, HTMX is a real nice example of that.
Disfavor build steps.
So encourage the ability to say, stylesheet/styles.css.
Discourage distribute output npx css compile with a watch.
And then don't forget to run that.
And then why is this not updating?
All these different things.
And then finally, this one I think
the HTMX is really relevant to Python folks.
But also this one.
Their example is Ruby, but it just as well could be any--
the WTF forms.
I think it is.
The form builder type stuff.
You see a lot of that actually in Django.
It says, prefer naked HTML to obfuscation layers
that compile down to HTML.
So if you've got a form, just write the form.
Put the values in it.
Instead of form with and then form label for this.
Form text field for that part of the model and so on.
So anyway.
And finally, preserve some view source for us all,
because it'll help everyone.
But anyway, I like this.
And it's interesting to think of as a philosophy.
The build steps, they also reference
a whole bunch of people.
How it used to be completely like, oh, you're such a noob
if you want to skip having a bunch of build
tools along the way.
But it references four different articles and places
where people are writing about, you know what?
We're done with this build stuff.
We're just writing CSS.
We're just writing JavaScript.
We're going to go with that.
So anyway, pretty well backed up, some of these ideas.
Cool.
Nice.
That's all of our main items.
You can see there are tabs left for me.
So that means I must have extras.
But what about you?
I do have extras.
Do you want to go through yours since they're up?
Or do you want to--
Sure.
Let's do it.
All right.
So first of all, Vincent Warmerdum says,
hey, new PyData location, Pittsburgh.
So there's a call for proposals at PyData Pittsburgh.
Let's see, when is it?
Hopefully it's not over.
So yeah.
So if you want to speak, if you're
in the general Pittsburgh area or you want to be,
then check out PyData Pittsburgh and go submit some talks there.
It-- did it say when this is going to be?
Surely.
April.
OK.
April 11, I guess.
Anyway, check it out.
And you can submit a talk there.
That's pretty cool.
Just want to bring out one more example.
You know, Brian, I riff on--
or I rip on the ad space.
And I say, look, we should run ad blockers.
We should not support these people.
And I know some folks are out there like, well, but then
you're not supporting creators.
You're not supporting the small folks who have Google
ads on their site or whatever.
And I don't know.
I just-- I think the trade-off is not really worth it.
So I just want to point out one more example of, like, terrible
stuff that's happening.
So our own Oregon Senator Ron Wyden
is starting an investigation because a data broker who
gets data from all these different sources,
like ad retargeting stuff, used abortion clinic visitor
location data because their endpoints were not
blocked by some sort of DNS block or something
to help send targeted misinformation
to vulnerable women.
How terrible, right?
Yeah, awful.
So I think we all should just stand up to the retargeting,
remark--
like, we don't have to.
That has nothing to do with trying to make money
for content creators.
Yeah, I know, except for that the data flows
into these shady places, right?
And then they already have it.
So instead of trying to sell them shoes,
like, let's do something terrible like that.
So yeah.
Anyway, nextdns.io, folks.
OK, call for proposals is also open for a very close nearby
SciPy 2024, which is awesome.
This will be in Tacoma, Brian, just a short hop and a skip
up I-5 north from us.
That'd be fun.
Yeah, so July 8 to 14.
I wish I could make it, but I am already tied up
hanging around the house.
My wife is traveling for work at that time,
and somebody has to stay with the dog and the kid.
So I'm not going to this.
I have a feeling that's the same time frame as Oregon Country
Fair, so I probably can't either.
Yeah, but anyway, there's a lot of people out there who can.
And a call for proposals are out, but you must act.
You must act.
Soon you have exactly seven days to get this ish,
depending on when you listen.
But as I speak, you have about seven days
to get your talk proposal in.
So please go do that.
I owe it to you for your--
So February 27 is that end time frame.
Yes, thanks.
A handful of topics.
pytest 8.01, 8.0.1 is out.
And why is this important?
One, it's the first bug fix since 8.0 came out,
and it has the bug that bugged me.
So there was a regression where parameterization
would go backwards for some reason.
Yeah, we talked about that before.
That's cool.
So that's fixed.
So I've got it updated to 8.0.1 everywhere I'm using pytest.
OK, next, if you'd like to understand
dependency injection, Hinnik has a new video out,
Loose Coupling and Dependency Injection, The Easy Way.
And I really like the dude, and I like what
he's doing up on YouTube.
So that's fun.
Plus, dependency injection is not as complicated as it sounds,
and he'll show you.
But I freaked out the first time.
People were like, oh, fixtures, they're
kind of like dependency injection.
I'm like, I don't know what you're talking about.
They are kind of like dependency injection, indeed.
Yeah.
I had a guest, Nicole, on Python Test recently.
This hasn't been aired yet.
But we were talking about something completely different.
And I mentioned all of the Rust that's
coming into Python community.
And I said, but I want to try to learn Rust,
but I don't have a lot of time.
And she said, oh, we had the same problem at work.
So I wrote a tutorial.
So there's yarr.fyi, YARR is yet another Rust resource.
But the--
Pirate friendly.
Yeah, pirate friendly.
It's a Rust tutorial, but intended
for people that already know how to program,
they just don't know Rust.
And so I'm kind of excited to jump into that.
OK, what else?
Oh, yeah, I'm looking for trying to ramp up
interviews for Python people.
So if there's just some interesting stuff
around the Python community that you'd like me to talk to,
or if you'd like me to talk to you, reach out.
And the first episode was Michael Kennedy.
It was a good episode.
But there's only been 12 episodes so far,
but I want to get more out.
So yeah.
And the last thing I wanted to know,
there's an interesting thing, phenomenon out there.
Did you know that there's people still using X?
Yes.
I've seen them.
There are many of them over there, actually.
I am officially following zero people just as a protest.
I don't really-- I show up there about once a month
to check my direct messages.
So if you want to contact me, I will probably
reply to you eventually.
But just warning, I'm not there very often.
So anyway.
Indeed, indeed.
Awesome.
Well, a bunch of great items.
How about we talk about some unfortunate architectural
or vendor-based decisions as part of our joke here.
You ready?
Have you seen this joke?
Did you look ahead?
I have not looked ahead.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Beautiful.
All right.
You ready?
Yeah.
Let's do the joke.
So here we are.
I got this over on Reddit.
And of course, I zoomed it in.
So why are we using SAP again when
there's this open source thing that is so much simpler?
Or why are we using Oracle again for this?
Because whatever.
So there's an angry team lead or something.
Why did we end up with this solution?
A couple people are like, cool savings?
Time savings, maybe.
And then someone, like a hipster-looking dude
in the back is like, the vendor sent me a Yeti Tumbler.
So they grab him and throw him out the window.
Why are we stuck with this crappy system
that is like, whatever?
Well, it's conference swag, basically.
Yeah.
I think the real answer is usually the best options
were all free.
And we needed to have to pay somebody.
Yeah, that's true.
That's true.
Well, none of them had an SLA.
But--
Do you have a Yeti Tumbler?
I have one of these soft Yeti coolers
that we'll take when we go out camping or boating or something.
But I don't have a Tumbler.
No, I don't believe so.
You?
I had to look it up.
I didn't even know what this was.
Oh, yeah.
Yeti is like the Rolls Royce of Hillbilly land, I guess.
They're like super, super nice coolers.
If you want a thermos for your coffee,
but you don't want to spend $10, you want to spend $40,
get a Yeti.
Yeah.
Yeah, something like that.
We have a lot of Yeti stuff, actually.
It's really nice.
I'm just joking.
Bougie.
What if stuff got warm, Brian?
What if it got warm?
What if your beer got a little bit warm?
And your mountains and your cores,
they weren't blue anymore.
They turn whatever color they're not when they're not blue.
Whatever color they are when they're not blue.
You know what I'm talking about?
One of the Coors beer cans has a can
that when it's a certain temperature,
the mountains on the can turn blue.
And if it's too warm, they turn white or something.
I don't know what other color.
OK.
So we had a couple options.
We could have made better beer or a better can.
We chose a better can.
What do you see when you're shopping?
Come on now.
Awesome.
OK.
Yeah.
Juan, as always, thank you for being here.
And thank you, everyone, for listening.
See you all.